Subtitle Provide by Kisskh.One Translator [Admin kissme.cam]
The world repeats itself in an endless cycle,
where being and nothingness give rise to each other.
My world, however,
exists within the pages of a comic,
a small space created by my heart.
Hello,
I'm Mi Er,
and it's good to see you again.
[Mi Er, comic artist]
In a world beyond our own,
there exists a unique energy
known as qi.
Those who can harness the qi within themselves
are called Outsiders.
They live hidden among us,
abiding by the rules of their world,
and are managed
by a special organization, NDT Express.
[NDT Express]
As the organization
responsible for managing the Outsiders,
we appear to be a delivery service,
but in reality, our task
is to eliminate the rogue Outsiders.
Our primary mission
is to protect the ordinary human world from being affected by the Outsiders.
As an Outsider, Zhang Chulan
had kept a low profile for years.
However, a disastrous event
dragged him into the Outsiders' world,
where he met
the mysterious immortal girl,
Feng Baobao.
Zhang Chulan,
starting today,
you're my slave.
Slave my foot!
Constantly by each other's side,
the two ventured through the Outsiders' world.
They befriended many Outsiders
with extraordinary skills
and overcame numerous challenges.
Eventually,
they forged a deep bond.
Meanwhile, Zhang Chulan discovered
that Feng Baobao's past
was even more mysterious than he had ever imagined.
I don't know what to do.
I also want to go home.
Bao,
I'll help you uncover the truth
and find a place you can return to.
To help Feng Baobao regain her memory
and uncover her true identity,
Zhang Chulan pushed himself to grow
and gave it his all.
What I aim to topple
is this very sky!
Eventually,
they uncovered the truth.
It turned out that Feng Baobao
was the true cause of the Jiashen Calamity,
and all the chaos
had stemmed from her.
At the same time, Zhang Chulan realized
that he had been silently protected
by Feng Baobao since childhood.
He's only ten.
Are you really
going to keep waiting?
I have all the time in the world.
I can wait as long as needed.
The truth
led to a crisis.
In the midst of this calamity,
Feng Baobao was severely injured
and lost all her memories once again.
Zhang Chulan, by recounting her story,
helped her recover fragments of her past.
However, Feng Baobao's mysterious background
remains a huge threat,
affecting all those who care about her.
Ambitious individuals are beginning to make their moves,
and the entire world of Outsiders
is on the verge of falling
into a new crisis.
All of this began
[Rapid Lightning Blessing Technique]
with a special case
handled by NDT Express.
NDT Express Emergency Notice:
At approximately 1:00 AM today,
a male corpse was discovered at the warehouse
on Guangsheng Road in the Southwest Region.
There is a risk of unknown toxins spreading.
The area is now under lockdown.
Unauthorized personnel are advised to stay away.
[Southwest Administrative Region of NDT Express]
Mr. Bi,
please make sure you have adequate protection.
The crime scene is extremely unusual,
unlike anything we've encountered before.
The toxin has infiltrated the internal organs
and caused significant decay in the body.
It appears to have the ability to grow,
spreading outward through the body.
The form it takes on
is also exceptionally unique.
I'm not going back.
[Liao Zhong, Supervisor of NDT Express's Lunan Region]
♪There's a voice that calls from deep within♪
♪Sing praises before the Hall of Villains♪
♪Take control if you wish to enter♪
♪Fear is just another form of pain♪
♪Life is but a fleeting dream♪
♪Anger arises when emotions are manipulated by external influence♪
♪Suffering is born from dwelling on misunderstandings♪
♪All good deeds share a common purpose♪
♪Boiling with fury, trembling in search of a worthy opponent♪
♪Add some extra fun♪
♪To satisfy my hunger for thrills♪
♪Lost in reverie, the world around me awakens♪
♪Filling in an interim role as a temp♪
♪A thousand compassionate hands extend with mercy♪
♪The world goes wild for me♪
♪Men are the sources of all evils♪
♪The thought lingers in my mind♪
♪I walk my own path freely♪
♪Since I've come this far♪
♪Even if I know I might regret it♪
♪I'd take action without any hesitance♪
[I Am Nobody: The showdown between Yin & Yang]
[Adapted from Under One Person]
[published by Tencent Comics under China Literature]
[Episode 1]
[This is a work of fiction.]
[Any resemblance to existing entities is purely coincidental.]
[All actions and abilities performed are fictional and should not be imitated.]
NDT Express, as the governing organization of the Outsiders' world,
maintains stability,
eliminates evil forces within the Outsiders' world,
and prevents Outsiders' interference with the ordinary human world,
ensuring peaceful coexistence between the two.
While posing as a courier company, NDT Express functions
as a special department with both research and management responsibilities.
To streamline operations,
NDT Express is divided into seven major regions,
each overseen by a special employee.
These individuals possess extraordinary abilities
and are capable of tackling the most challenging tasks,
efficiently targeting Outsider criminal activities.
They belong to NDT Express's special task force.
Their identities are strictly confidential
and not disclosed externally.
They report directly to the regions' supervisors.
Their true identities and information
are not documented in the company's internal records.
Therefore,
they are referred to as temporary workers.
Chulan, there are Outsider suspects in the Lubei Region
who have exposed their powers in front of regular civilians,
causing a disturbance.
The company has decided to send you and Bao to capture them.
The suspect is currently in the Outsider-only zone.
I'll send you the location soon.
Get ready and head out as soon as possible.
Got it, Si.
Why are so many cases cropping up lately?
San and I are currently investigating.
Stay alert during your operation.
These Outsiders' identities are quite suspicious.
Bao.
What?
Block it.
Okay.
Chulan,
Bao,
don't let your guard down.
[Feng Baobao, the temporary worker of Lubei Region]
These guys are no amateurs.
Quite a few of our regular employees
have fallen victim to them.
[Xu Si, Supervisor of NDT Express's Lubei Region. Xu San]
[Zhang Chulan, an employee of Lubei Region]
Bao,
my Lightning Techniques are useless against them.
They might be equipped with protective magic weapons,
so be careful.
Magic weapons?
What magic weapons?
This is the magic weapon.
Chulan,
similar to the other cases lately,
[Lubei Administrative Region of NDT Express]
these Outsiders might be backed
by a more powerful force.
[Realize Grand Ambitions]
San, Si,
what's going on?
There's no information
about these Outsiders in the company's files.
Are they not Outsiders?
Why is the headquarters sending someone here?
How would I know?
Let's go.
San, Si,
what happened?
The headquarters commands
that all temporary workers cease their actions immediately,
and be controlled on-site.
Relevant regional supervisors
are to return to the headquarters for an urgent meeting.
The special agents in Lubei
are to remain inside
and refrain from taking any rash actions.
Don't come out.
Let go of me!
What are you going to do to them?
San,
stop wasting your breath on them!
Si.
We work for NDT Express!
Calm down.
You go over first.
Listen to me.
Stay inside and don't come out.
We'll handle
the situation outside.
Let's go.
[The Headquarters of NDT Express]
Mr. Xu Si, please step inside.
Xu Si has also arrived.
Everyone is here.
Bi,
let's get started.
[Zhao Fangxu, President of NDT Express]
[Xu Si, Supervisor of Lubei Region. Temporary Worker]
[Ren Fei, Supervisor of Luzhong Region. Temporary Worker]
[Hua Feng, Supervisor of Northwest Region. Temporary Worker]
[Gao Lian, Supervisor of Northeast Region. Temporary Worker]
[Hao Yi, Supervisor of Southwest Region. Temporary Worker]
[Dou Le, Supervisor of Ludong Region. Temporary Worker]
Liao from the Lunan Region hasn't arrived yet.
He won't be coming.
Last night, in an abandoned warehouse
in the Southwest Region,
a superpower-related murder occurred.
[Bi Youlong, Board Member of NDT Express]
The victim
was Liao Zhong,
and the murderer
was his subordinate,
temporary worker Chen Duo.
As a special agent,
Chen Duo violated the Outsider code,
posing a great danger.
Her actions have revealed significant risks
within the temporary worker system.
Chen Duo must be captured and brought to justice.
Other temporary workers also pose a risk
and must be thoroughly investigated.
This matter
will be handled directly by the headquarters.
They will be sent to the bunker,
those who are uncovered as problematic
should not be allowed to return.
Bi,
don't jump to conclusions so quickly.
The purpose of gathering everyone here
is to brainstorm
and discuss strategies, isn't it?
[Huang Boren, Board Member of NDT Express]
It's precisely because we've been discussing it endlessly
that we've ended up
in this uncontrollable situation.
Mr. Bi,
surely Chen Duo's misdeeds
shouldn't drag down
six unrelated people with her, right?
Unrelated?
Twenty years ago,
your father Xu Xiang created this role
to address the tricky issues
in managing the Outsiders' world.
But the reality
is that these special agents are too headstrong,
uncontrollable,
and pose extreme risks.
A single misstep could lead to them violating the rules.
On top of that, their identities
are kept strictly confidential.
You've granted special privileges to these individuals
with unknown backgrounds.
Are you truly going to keep pretending you don't see the issue?
I admit that the selection process
for these special agents
is unconventional,
but before Liao Zhong's death,
none of them
had caused any issues within the company.
They've contributed a great deal
to the stability of the Outsiders' world.
There's credit for their hard work
and their sacrifice.
Now, you want to take down all of them
just because of Chen Duo's misdeeds?
It seems a bit like turning on them when they're no longer useful.
Yes, Liao is dead,
but Chen Duo hasn't been caught yet.
You're acting on assumptions
without concrete proof.
What will you say
if it turns out
Chen Duo is innocent?
All right.
I'll show you the proof.
There are no external wounds
left on Liao Zhong's body.
The cause of death is very clear.
He was killed
by a very unique poison.
This poison
uses the qi of the person administering it
as nourishment.
The victim's internal organs
will be corroded,
and these wounds
were caused
by the corrosive effects of the poison.
Once poisoned,
there is no cure.
According to the headquarters' records,
there is only one person who knows
how to use such a method.
Chen Duo from the Lunan Region.
You don't know much about Chen Duo, do you?
I happen to have a few cases here
that can give you some insights.
All of them have one thing in common:
the Outsider criminals being tracked
all had lethal poison in their bodies,
causing them intense pain.
One of them didn't even die from the poison,
but took his own life
[Section Four, Coating Factory]
due to the unbearable agony.
Do you know what Chen Duo was doing
at the time?
[Section Four, Coating Factory]
The surveillance footage shows
she was standing right there,
emotionless and cold,
as if she didn't possess
any feelings a normal person would.
It's spine-chilling.
Given all this,
do you still want to defend such a person?
Chen Duo has utterly failed in her duties
as a temporary worker,
disregarding the rules of the Outsiders.
Other temporary workers
also present similar threats.
Some have used the same name for decades,
some have uncontrollable violent tendencies,
and some are deeply involved with the Sinister Pleasure,
constantly switching sides.
Can you truly have full control
over such a group of people?
Can you ensure they won't cause trouble
or become the next Chen Duo?
The headquarters
made a mistake
by allowing Chen Duo
to leave the bunker in the first place.
Now,
we must take corrective action.
Mr. Zhao,
it's time to issue the final order.
The target in the Luzhong Region has been locked.
The target in the Ludong Region has been locked.
The target in the Northwest Region has been locked.
The target in the Southwest Region has been locked.
All targets have been locked.
Should we proceed with the capture?
Awaiting instructions from the headquarters.
Bi,
I completely agree
with your stance.
The Outsiders' world must not descend into chaos.
Maintaining the established order in this world
must be our company's top priority.
So,
we must face the reality of dealing with temporary workers
as an unstable factor.
As for Chen Duo,
I do know something about her.
The toxins she carries
are extremely dangerous.
If they spread,
they'll kill
every living thing that comes into contact with her.
And of course,
it will affect
the ordinary world as well.
She can't be left out there.
Since
we must capture Chen Duo,
who's better
than these temporary workers
to carry out the task?
After all,
the original purpose of appointing special agents
was to handle tasks
like the one with Chen Duo.
Mr. Zhao,
isn't this a bit risky?
You're handing danger a free pass.
As long as this position exists,
they will always remain
employees of NDT Express.
If we can't even trust
our own employees,
who else can we trust?
Pause
the operation for now.
I'm with Mr. Zhao on this.
Let me make my stance clear.
If any issues arise with the temporary worker
in the Lubei Region,
I'll take full responsibility.
It's only right that you take responsibility.
That's hardly a bargaining chip.
I have one suggestion.
During the mission,
the headquarters should assume
full control
over all regional supervisors' powers,
including communication with the special agents.
NDT Express may be big,
but it can't afford to handle another Chen Duo.
All right.
It's settled.
Gather the temporary workers
from all six regions immediately
and bring Chen Duo back,
by any means necessary.
If they can't bring her back
or if more issues arise with other temporary workers,
then we'll have to follow Bi's suggestion.
The position
of temporary worker
might just become a thing of the past.
Other temporary workers
must be thoroughly investigated as well.
This matter will be handled directly by the headquarters.
They will be sent to the bunker,
those who are uncovered as problematic
should not be allowed to return.
Chulan.
San, Si,
what happened?
Something did happen.
Liao Zhong from the Lunan Region is dead.
It's suspected that his temporary worker,
Chen Duo, is responsible for the murder.
Now, the headquarters
is teaming up with the other five temporary workers
to capture the fugitive.
They want her alive if possible,
or dead if necessary.
This joint operation
will be directly led by the headquarters.
Bao,
go eat something
and get ready.
San, Si,
have the temporary workers
ever worked together
since the system was established?
Nice job, lad.
You're quite sharp.
They've never worked together before.
This is the first time.
The temporary worker system
was created by my father
specifically for him and Bao.
It keeps Bao's identity secret
and allows her
to move freely in the world without being noticed.
It's the most effective method
my father came up with to better protect Bao.
Chulan,
do you know
what our biggest headache is right now?
When the temporary workers assemble this time,
they'll meet each other,
and their true identities will be revealed,
including Bao's.
What if we refuse?
If we refuse,
the headquarters will have an excuse
to investigate the temporary worker in the Lubei region.
The worst-case scenario
is that the Lubei temporary worker position
could be revoked,
and Bao
might lose the protection
of her special agent status.
If her identity is exposed,
we all know
the consequences.
It seems we have no other option.
San, Si,
can I come along for this joint operation?
Certainly.
Bao
has never acted alone
without our collaboration.
She needs a discreet cover,
and you're the best person for the job.
The password is Bao's Outsider ID number,
which has already been set up in the mission group.
After departure,
the headquarters will contact you
through this phone.
Once the mission begins,
the headquarters' control over you will be limited.
Your biggest threat
comes from the other five.
Their identities and pasts are a mystery.
It makes sense
that the headquarters is so wary of them.
Stay vigilant.
Whatever excuses you have this time,
you must keep Bao safe.
Chulan,
I'm entrusting Wu
to you.
Time to get going.
The intel says
Chen Duo has been spotted.
The flight tickets are already booked.
Go now.
We're off.
San, Si,
any chance we could get better food
and lodging for this mission?
After all, it's a project assigned by the headquarters.
Don't be so stingy, you two.
What are you dreaming about?
The food and lodging standards remain the same.
Any additional costs
will be deducted from your salaries.
Now, go.
♪Standing out, second to none♪
♪I was born fearless and different♪
♪I venture into the unknown, making the world my home♪
♪Concealing my identity, seeking a life in full bloom♪
♪Journeying through challenges, I carry the weight of responsibilities♪
♪Seeking the truth, no matter the snares♪
♪I'll face the adversity of this universe♪
♪I'll command the thunder and turn rain into flowers♪
♪I cross mountains to see the rivers♪
♪I endure the worst and learn to be adaptive♪
♪I persevere, spending ten years honing my skills♪
♪I hear from afar my true calling♪
[Southwest Region]
Hi, can we have two rooms?
It's 120 for one room,
240 for two rooms,
and the deposit is 100.
Please register your details.
Just one room.
We have a tight budget
and need to save money for the car rental.
[Post-mortem analysis]
I still find it hard to believe
that a little girl
could have killed a regional supervisor.
And the records say
that it was Liao Zhong who trained and promoted Chen Duo,
just like how Mr. Xu treated you.
Bao,
do you really believe that someone
so cold-blooded exists in this world?
Si is such a pain.
I've been wanting to get rid of him for a while.
[This place serves the best cheung fun!]
Stop checking out nearby food spots.
Bao, do you remember Erzhuang,
the one I told you about?
[The restaurant's new branch is ridiculously good!]
[Tasty and reasonably priced!]
I remember.
I even tried talking to her later,
but she seemed really busy
and stopped replying.
Compared to Chen Duo,
I'm more concerned about the other temporary workers
besides Erzhuang.
Bao,
come check this out.
[Post-mortem analysis]
There's no information
about the others
in the file.
Isn't that strange?
Should we say something in the group?
Okay.
[Ludong Region: Nice to meet you all. This is our first collaboration.]
[I look forward to working with you.]
[Ludong Region: Is anyone there?]
[Lubei Region: Hello.]
[Ludong Region: Hello, my friend from the Lubei Region.]
[Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Xiao Zizai.]
[Ludong Region: Hello. My name is Xiao Zizai.]
[Red packets from the Ludong Region]
Open it.
[Too slow. All the red packets have been claimed.]
[Other regions have claimed the red packets from the Ludong Region.]
So, these people have been lurking all along.
No wonder the meeting spot hasn't been brought up.
I really don't know what their deal is.
What are you afraid of?
I've got your back.
It's not that I'm afraid.
I just have
a little concern.
But it's fine now.
Bao,
our best strategy right now
is to stay in the shadows
just like them
until we get the full picture
of these temporary workers.
After all, we must know both ourselves and our enemies to win every battle.
The target for this mission is Chen Duo.
These temporary workers are our teammates,
not our enemies.
We must trust our teammates.
Trust is formed when you know each other.
Bao,
you have to listen to me this time.
Okay.
[Ludong Region]
Has everyone arrived?
No one brought up the gathering, huh?
Looks like no one's interested.
Well,
if it weren't for this mission,
I wouldn't want to meet any of you either.
You've all read the briefing, right?
After Chen Duo arrived here,
she had contact with someone named Wan Liangcai.
This Wan Liangcai has no Outsider background
and runs a small eatery.
After that, Chen Duo vanished.
Since no one wants to show themselves,
I'll take it upon myself
to meet this Wan Liangcai.
I can handle
the mission alone.
[Luzhong Region]
Don't take it lightly.
The intel on Chen Duo
was provided by my informant.
By the time I got to him,
he had already been killed.
The wounds
didn't match
Chen Duo's usual method.
Chen Duo
probably has an accomplice.
[Luzhong Region]
The only lead we have now
is Wan Liangcai.
[Liangcai Lamb Rice Noodles]
♪The night falls, who is seeking justice?♪
♪The night is long, roaming through the mortal realm once more♪
♪Living many lifetimes in the guise of ordinary men♪
♪In the city at night, minds are calm and clear♪
♪What karma lies under the Bodhi tree?♪
♪What shackles are before the bright mirror?♪
♪The fire of karma shatters the heart♪
♪Such joy♪
[Xiao Zizai, the temporary worker of Ludong Region]
Mr. Wan,
another serving of lamb, please.
Sure.
Coming right up.
Here's the lamb.
Enjoy your meal.
Hi,
what would you like to eat?
Do you have any recommendations?
The signature dish here is lamb rice noodles.
Would you like
to try it?
I'll have a bowl, please,
with extra chili.
Okay,
have a seat here.
Enjoy.
Wait.
I need to ask you about someone.
Have you seen
this girl?
She's my niece.
She ran away after an argument with her family.
You know how girls can be
when they hit that rebellious age.
Her family just can't keep her in check.
Can you help me out,
sir?
I see.
She was here indeed,
but she left afterward.
Where did she go?
Your niece asked me
about someone
named Mei Jinfeng.
Mei Jinfeng?
It's an old lady from the neighborhood,
a regular who loves my lamb rice noodles.
She's been my customer for over ten years.
She doesn't like going out,
so I deliver food to her
every week.
After your niece got her address,
she left.
Can you
give me the address
of this old lady?
I'll write down the address for you.
By the way,
please wait a moment.
When your niece left,
she specifically told me
to make sure this letter
got into the hands of the person who asked about her.
She might have been worried
about her family getting anxious.
Girls tend to be thoughtful
like that.
Thank you.
No worries.
Enjoy your food.
[Ludong Region]
[Northeast Region]
Xiao, how does this bowl of rice noodles taste?
[Ludong Region]
It's so good.
You all should come and enjoy a big bowl of this.
My treat.
[Ludong Region: Come, everyone. It's on me.]
He wants to treat us to some lamb rice noodles.
Bao,
don't fall for it.
He's trying to lure us out
with good food.
We must not take the bait.
It's quite convincing.
I suggest you listen to him.
Did you hear that, Bao?
Listening to others is how you fill your stomach.
So you're Zhang Chulan,
the shameless dude
from the Outsider Martial Arts Contest?
Are you also a temporary worker?
Who are you?
I'm from the Southwest Region.
Sorry,
I couldn't help myself.
Forget it.
It's not worth it.
You can have it back.
Everyone,
let's get down to business.
I've confirmed that Mr. Wan
is an ordinary person,
so nothing to worry about.
I've also found out
where Chen Duo went.
Xiao,
I rushed over as soon as I got off the train.
Luckily, I made it just in time.
Southwest Region,
Wang Zhenqiu.
Just call me Qiu.
[Wang Zhenqiu, the temporary worker of Southwest Region]
Qiu,
get away from here.
Just as I thought,
the target's only Xiao.
This poison is quite interesting.
Xiao,
do you need a hand?
Stay out of it.
This is just too brutal.
Fortunately, it's not us they're after.
Xiao,
if I'm not mistaken,
you just used the Compassionate Hand, right?
With just a wave of your hand,
all the rats are gone.
That was awesome.
How did you train for that?
Teach me, please.
Qiu,
just a heads-up.
Don't try to get cozy with me.
And
next time I tell you to stay out of the way,
you'd better listen.
That's messed up.
Truly messed up.
Bao,
my strategy was right.
We should have kept our distance from them.
[Northeast Region: Chen Duo, 203 Dacheng Road, Xipu District, Liangzhou]
The place isn't far.
Let's head over.
We should be going the same way.
Would you mind giving us a ride?
Not at all.
We're all temporary workers.
They won't mind for sure.
Is there anyone else we're waiting for?
If not, we can get going now.
We've arrived.
I completely understand that you two
don't want to be exposed.
If you have any concerns, you don't need to come along.
We'll handle Chen Duo.
Are we going to keep hiding?
Yes.
Of course, we have to hide.
If it doesn't work,
we can at least keep some distance.
These two definitely cannot be underestimated.
[South Field No. 3]
[Northeast Region]
Chen Duo is in there.
Go for it, everyone.
The mission's success depends on you.
Finally, a worthy opponent.
Now I can stretch my muscles a bit.
Xiao,
don't let your guard down.
This young lady's full of sneaky tricks.
Hold your horses.
Hold on.
Wait. Don't attack.
I'm one of you.
Sorry.
Who are you?
I am from
the Northwest Region,
a temporary worker under Mr. Hua.
You can just call me Meng.
[Meng, the temporary worker of Northwest Region]
Now that Chen Duo has been found,
you're all showing up, one after another.
If you want to catch her,
you'll have to line up behind Qiu.
Xiao, you're worrying too much.
I...
I'm not here to steal anyone's credit.
Xiao,
Qiu,
I just want to ask
if I can talk to Chen Duo
for a bit.
Just a word with her.
What's your relationship
with Chen Duo?
I'm new here,
and I know I'm in no position
to make demands,
but I'd like to ask everyone for a chance.
If there's any poison ahead,
let me face it alone.
It's what I deserve.
Chen Duo,
come out.
They've found you.
These bats are poisonous.
Be careful, everyone.
It's the technique of Huode Sect.
18 Formidable Ways.
So much qi.
How on earth did she get such power?
A Soul-Crushing Shot.
Bao, no more shots, please.
We agreed on this earlier, remember?
Just a small effort will do.
The girl at the back,
thanks.
[Chen Duo, the temporary worker of Lunan Region]
Chen Duo,
we meet again.
You know me?
May I ask who you are?
You don't recognize me?
Well, I can't blame you.
Chen Duo,
why did you kill Liao?
He was such a good person.
How could you do that?
Chen Duo,
don't push me!
♪Standing out, second to none♪
♪I was born fearless and different♪
♪I venture into the unknown, making the world my home♪
♪Concealing my identity, seeking a life in full bloom♪
♪Journeying through challenges, I carry the weight of responsibilities♪
♪Seeking the truth, no matter the snares♪
♪I'll face the adversity of this universe♪
♪I'll command the thunder and turn rain into flowers♪
♪I won't be in anyone's shadow♪
♪Because I'm the master of my own destiny♪
♪The light behind me shines forth♪
♪Illuminating the pitch-black darkness♪
♪I say to myself♪
♪If you don't follow your heart, how will your heart follow you?♪
♪I will not forget it♪
♪My strength lies in my resilient soul♪
♪I cross mountains to see the rivers♪
♪I endure the worst and learn to be adaptive♪
♪I persevere, spending ten years honing my skills♪
♪I hear from afar♪
♪My true calling♪
♪I see hope appears before dawn♪
♪In dreams, I listen to stories untold♪
♪I let go of my mortal burdens♪
♪And I strive to become a better version of myself♪
♪The path I desire is not a stroll♪
♪The person I aim to be, I'll claim my role♪
♪Too many pursuits♪
♪Blind you from what you want the most♪
♪I'm used to setbacks♪
♪Because I'm not afraid of making mistakes♪
♪Life is unpredictable♪
♪We're all just visitors♪
♪Despite the weight on my shoulder♪
♪I don't feel exhausted♪
♪Tearing off the talisman on me♪
♪I know I won't give up♪
♪The plum will bloom despite the snow♪
♪Butterflies fly in pairs♪
♪As I look back, tears blur my vision♪
♪Turning longing into a breeze, heading to the north♪
♪I cross mountains to see the rivers♪
♪I endure the worst and learn to be adaptive♪
♪I persevere, spending ten years honing my skills♪
♪I hear from afar♪
♪My true calling♪
♪I see hope appears before dawn♪
♪In dreams, I listen to stories untold♪
♪I let go of my mortal burdens♪
♪And I strive to become a better version of myself♪
♪A competitor?♪
♪I don't care who you are♪
♪Clenching my fist at all times♪
♪On the horizon♪
♪I shine like the eternal stars♪
♪I march forward♪
♪Despite the bruises and the wounds♪
♪I'll sing with all my might♪
♪When you're with me♪
♪A competitor?♪
♪I don't care who you are♪
♪Clenching my fist at all times♪
♪On the horizon♪
♪I shine like the eternal stars♪
♪I march forward♪
♪Despite the bruises and the wounds♪
♪I'll sing with all my might♪
♪When you're with me♪